•	The main function of a browser is to present the information, 
by requesting it from the server and displaying it in the browser window.


Browsers’ main components are
1.	The user interface: this includes the address bar, back/forward button, bookmarking menu, etc. Every part of the browser display except the window where you see the requested page.
2.	The browser engine: actions between the UI and the rendering engine.
3.	The rendering engine: is responsible for displaying requested content. For example, if the requested content is 
    HTML, the rendering engine parses HTML and CSS and displays the parsed content on the screen.
4.	Networking: for network calls such as HTTP requests, using different implementations for different platforms behind a platform-independent interface.
5.	UI backend: used for drawing basic widgets like combo boxes and windows. This backend exposes a generic interface that is not platform-specific. Underneath it uses operating system user interface methods.
6.	JavaScript interpreter. Used to parse and execute JavaScript code.
7.	Data storage. This is a persistence layer. The browser may need to save all sorts of data locally, such as cookies. Browsers also support storage mechanisms such as local storage.
•	The main responsibility of the Rendering engine is rendering, which is a display of requested information on the screen.

By default, it can show HTML or XML documents and images. It can display other types of data via plug-ins.
•	In general Parsing a document means translating it to a structure the code can use. Parsing can be separated into two types lexical analysis and syntax analysis. Lexical analysis is breaking into input into nodes and syntax analysis is the application of the language syntax rules.
•	Scripts make HTML pages more dynamic and add meaning to them. 
•	The DOM and CSSOM tree structures are two independent structures. The DOM contains all the information about the page’s HTML element’s relationships, while the CSSOM contains information on how the elements are styled. the browser now combines DOM and CSSOM trees into something called a render tree.

Main flow:

1. User enter the URL in browser UI
2. Browser makes a HTTP request to the web servers (World Wide Web) and recieves a HTTP response in form of HTML, CSS and JS.
3. Parsing HTML: the engine parses the HTML and constructs a DOM tree which is also called a content tree.
4. Parsing CSS: the styles sheets are parsed and with the DOM tree the Render tree is constructed. Now we know what is to be displayed on the browser.
5. Generating layout: now precise coordinates of what will appear where is generated which is called layout and after this step the engine is ready for the paint process.
6. Painting: this step includes traversing the layout and paint the page on the browser.
